docs: Coding conventions and documentation management (#20)
EducationNetworkGroup/si-docs: docs/04-project-management/02-documentation-management/05-documentation-maintenance.md

---
sidebar_position: 5
description: Processes for keeping documentation current and relevant.
---

# Documentation Maintenance

## Regular Audits
### Schedule
- **Monthly:** Review recently changed documents for accuracy
- **Quarterly:** Full audit of high-traffic documentation
- **After Releases:** Update docs for new features and API changes
- **Project Cycle:** Comprehensive review at project handover (every 9 months)

### Project-Specific Review Cycle

> Given the 9-month project duration, documentatioj should be reviewd:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the 9-month project duration, documentation should be reviewed:
```

Author: Fixed

Reviewer: Still need to update `reviewd`
